We were approaching men’s bathhouses, and
they weren’t interested.
They were like, “Nope, sorry.”
They didn’t want to turn away their clientele
for a night.
So, we were having a really hard time getting
any positive response.
And I remember we put together a petition
that we put out at Pride 1998.
And we were getting people to sign it, to
say, “Look, we want to take over.
Do you support this?”
And we were particularly trying to get cisgendered
men’s responses.
Carlyle [Jansen] and I actually met with a
bathhouse owner at Club Toronto at the time.
And were very surprised.
Because we tried many...several other bathhouses
that just wouldn’t take us on, but he did.
And the owners were actually really not sure
that this was going to…
Would there be 100 women?
I remember they had two particular concerns.
[laughs] One was blood.
When women have sex, there’s blood; how
are we going to clean the sheets?
[laughs] And the second was, how are we going
to deal with all the cat fights?
Because of course women are very territorial.
And if they see somebody having sex with somebody
else, they’re going to end up in a big brawl,
and how are we going to deal with these?
So, we tried to reassure them [laughs] that
this wasn’t going to be an issue.
They were the most rundown of the bathhouses
at the time.
The only thing they really had going for them
was the pool.
So, they didn’t really have a lot to lose.
And it was September, so it was getting colder,
so they were willing to give us a night.
And they had told all their staff, “You
have the night off.”
They didn’t really think anybody was going
to show up.